Question from Thinh Nguyen: Hello
Ms. Yen and everyone, I have a question and I would appreciate it if you could
kindly explain it to me.
As I understand it, when a daughter gets
married, she should treat both her
parents' and her husband's families equally. However, if
this were done in Vietnam, it would lead
to family conflicts. My sister-in-law always
reminds
me that if I have money, I should take care
of my husband's family first before
thinking about my own family. Living
with my husband's parents and having them help me
more is reasonable, but
I don't think living separately and independently is quite
right. I don't
know if my thinking is correct or not. If
we don't understand the law of cause and effect,
this situation will be
difficult to handle and cause a lot of conflict
with the family.
Economically, supporting both sides should be
equal because if the
husband's parents are poorer and more struggling, we should help them; if my own
parents are poorer and more struggling,
we should help them, right?
That's equality. But what about the other two things
?  When problems arise in both the husband's and
wife's families, and these occur simultaneously,
one must first seek the husband's family's opinion. This
is how one eliminates the karmic burden of
revenge, and everything
will go smoothly. There's a saying: "The
wise die, the foolish die, but those who
know survive." That means knowing how to
respond allows one to live. Being too clever
becomes foolish, being too naive makes one seem
stupid. But those who know
how to handle things smoothly are
called those who understand karma, who know how to
control their minds to transform their karma, and thus
gradually find peace and happiness. So, dear friends,
in this case, it's
not that a woman should
n't care for and nurture her own family; it's about
transforming
one's karma so that one can nurture it. If one doesn't transform
their karma, not only will they not be able to
nurture it, but they might even take money from their own family. So, if one
transforms,
everything changes, including our customs and traditions.  We
must pay attention to, not
abandon, customs and traditions
without understanding
how they relate to karma. They are very
much related. Yes,
[music]
Oh